README.md, before:


![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

#  Awesome Blog-App

> A fully functional website that will show the list of posts and empower readers to interact with them by adding comments and liking posts. 


## Built With

- Ruby
- Ruby on Rails
- OOP
- SQL Postgres


## Getting Started
To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

- Click on the top right green "code" button.
- On the dropdown menu, choose "download with zip" button.
- After download, extract the zip file and you have the project on your machine.
- Make sure that your PostgreSQL server is running and you have the ability to establish connection with the database.
- Create a new file called `local_env.yml` in the folder `config/` and paste the following code in it:
  > `PG_USERNAME: "YourPostgresUsername"`
  > `PG_PASSWORD: "YourPostgresPassword"`
- Execute `rails db:create` to create the database.
- Run `rails s` to run the application.

## Authors

👤 **Luis Abarca**

- GitHub: [@TheLuisAbarca](https://github.com/TheLuisAbarca)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.

Commit message:

Add information about executing the tests on README file.

README.md, after:


![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

#  Awesome Blog-App

> A fully functional website that will show the list of posts and empower readers to interact with them by adding comments and liking posts. 


## Built With

- Ruby
- Ruby on Rails
- OOP
- SQL Postgres


## Getting Started
To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

- Click on the top right green "code" button.
- On the dropdown menu, choose "download with zip" button.
- After download, extract the zip file and you have the project on your machine.
- Make sure that your PostgreSQL server is running and you have the ability to establish connection with the database.
- Create a new file called `local_env.yml` in the folder `config/` and paste the following code in it:
  > `PG_USERNAME: "YourPostgresUsername"`
  > `PG_PASSWORD: "YourPostgresPassword"`
- Execute `rails db:create` to create the database.
- Run `rails s` to run the application.

## Tests
- If you want to run some unit tests, all you need to do is: 
- On your terminal execute: 
> `gem install rspec`
- Run the `rspec` command in this case over the path of `spec/`, the resulting command will look like this:
> `rspec spec/`
- If you want to run only over a specific set of tests, you can do it specifying the folder path containing the set of test, like this:
> `rspec spec/requests`
- If you want to run the tests over the entire project, you can execute the following command:
> `rspec`

## Authors

👤 **Luis Abarca**

- GitHub: [@TheLuisAbarca](https://github.com/TheLuisAbarca)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.
